Upgrade webpack to version 5 (#6690)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

## 2.6.0

### Webpack 5 upgrade

> Sulu requires now new versions of the following JS packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sulu now uses Webpack 5 to build the administration interface application. To enable this, the following JavaScript dependencies were updated/changed:
```

- `webpack`: `^5.75.0`
- `webpack-cli`: `^5.0`
- `webpack-manifest-plugin`: `^5.0.0`
- `mini-css-extract-plugin`: `^2.7.1`
- `optimize-css-assets-webpack-plugin` was removed replaced by `css-minimizer-webpack-plugin`: `^4.2.2`
- `clean-webpack-plugin` was removed and replaced by `clean: true` webpack output option
- `webpack-clean-obsolete-chunks` was removed and replaced by `clean: true` webpack output option
- `is-email` was removed and replaced by `sulu-admin-bundle/utils/Email/validateEmail` method 

If you created custom admin components you need to upgrade also
that components. The core js will automatically be update

> via the [update build](https://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/upgrades/upgrade-2.x.html) command.

Reviewer: If you have integrated custom JavaScript components into the administration interface,
you might need to adjust your components to be compatible with the updated dependencies.
If you have not integrated custom JavaScript code, you project is adjusted automatically by the
[update build](https://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/upgrades/upgrade-2.x.html) command.

> If you created custom admin components you need to upgrade also
> that components. The core js will automatically be update
> via the [update build](https://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/upgrades/upgrade-2.x.html) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have integrated custom JavaScript components into the administration interface,
you might need to adjust your components to be compatible with the updated dependencies.
If you have not integrated custom JavaScript code, you project is adjusted automatically by the
[update build](https://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/upgrades/upgrade-2.x.html) command.
```
